Hosted is a valid option (#811)
checkout/checkout-api-reference: nas_spec/changelog.md

| Date       | Description of change                                                                                                 
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 2023/01/11 | Remove old description from the payload of the session request.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2023/01/11 | Remove old description from the session request's payload.                                                       |
```
